[expo-web-browser] Add better CustomTabs support, remove unnecessary activity, more fixes (#3717)
expo/expo: docs/pages/versions/unversioned/sdk/webbrowser.md

### `WebBrowser.openBrowserAsync(url)`

Opens the url with Safari in a modal on iOS using [`SFSafariViewController`](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/safariservices/sfsafariviewcontroller), and Chrome in a new [custom tab](https://developer.chrome.com/multidevice/android/customtabs) on Android. On iOS, the modal Safari will not share cookies with the system Safari. If you need this, use (openAuthSessionAsync)[#webbrowseropenauthsessionasync].

#### Arguments

- **url (_string_)** -- The url to open in the web browser.
- **options (_object_)** (_optional_) --
  A dictionaty with following key-value pairs:

  - **toolbarColor (_optional_) (_string_)** -- color of the toolbar in either `#AARRGGBB` or `#RRGGBB` format.
  - **controlsColor (_optional_) (_string_)** -- (_iOS only_) tint color for controls in SKSafariViewController in `#AARRGGBB` or `#RRGGBB` format.

>   - **collapseToolbar (_optional_) (_boolean_)** -- a boolean determining whether the toolbar should be hiding when a user scrolls the website

Reviewer: Let's move that property to after `toolbar` to make the order like:
- common properties
- ios properties
- android properties

  - **showTitle (_optional_) (_boolean_)** -- (_Android only_) a boolean determining whether the browser should show the title of website on the toolbar
  - **package (_optional_) (_string_)** -- (_Android only_). Package name of a browser to be used to handle Custom Tabs. List of available packages is to be queried by [getCustomTabsSupportingBrowsers](#webbrowsergetcustomtabssupportingbrowsers) method.

  Note that behavior customization options depend on the actual browser and its version. Some or all of the arguments may be ignored.

#### Returns

> Prmise behaves differently on iOS and Android.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The promise behaves differently on iOS and Android.
```

> On Android promise resolves with `{type: 'openBrowser'}` if we were able to open browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Android promise resolves with `{ type: 'opened' }` if we were able to open browser.
```

#### Arguments

- **url (_string_)** -- The url to open in the web browser. This should be a login page.
- **redirectUrl (_string_)** -- **optional**: the url to deep link back into your app. By default, this will be [Constants.linkingUrl](../constants/#expoconstantslinkinguri)

Returns a Promise:

- If the user does not permit the application to authenticate with the given url, the Promise resolved with `{ type: 'cancel' }`.
- If the user closed the web browser, the Promise resolves with `{ type: 'cancel' }`.
- If the browser is closed using [`dismissBrowser`](#webbrowserdismissbrowser), the Promise resolves with `{ type: 'dismiss' }`.

### `WebBrowser.warmUpAsync(browserPackage)`

_Android only_

This method calls `warmUp` method on [CustomTabsClient](<https://developer.android.com/reference/android/support/customtabs/CustomTabsClient.html#warmup(long)>) for specified package.

#### Arguments

- **browserPackage (_string_)** -- **optional** -- package of browser to be warmed up. If not set, preferred browser will be warmed.

#### Returns

A promise resolving with `{ type: 'warming', package: string }`

### `WebBrowser.mayInitWithUrlAsync(url, package)`

> _Andrdoi only_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Android only_
```

This method initiates (if needed) [CustomTabsSession](https://developer.android.com/reference/android/support/customtabs/CustomTabsSession.html#maylaunchurl) and calls its `mayLaunchUrl` method for browser specified by the package.

#### Arguments

- **url (_string_)** -- url of page that user is likely to be loaded firts
- **package (_string_)** -- **optional** -- package of browser to be informed. If not set, preferred browser will be used.

#### Returns

The promise resolves with `{ type: 'mayInitWithUrl', package: string, url: string }`.

### `WebBrowser.coolDownAsync(browserPackage)`

> _Andrdoi only_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Android only_
```

This methods removes all bindings to services created by [`warmUpAsync`](#webbrowserwarmupasyncnbrowserpackage) or [`mayInitWithUrlAsync`](#webbrowseramayinitwithurlsyncurl-package). You should call this method once you don't need them to avoid potential memory leaks. However, those binding would be cleared once your application is destroyed, which might be sufficient in most cases.

#### Arguments

- **browserPackage (_string_)** -- **optional** -- package of browser to be cooled. If not set, preferred browser will be used.

#### Returns

> The promise resolves with `{ type: 'cooling', package: string }` when cooling is performed, or `{ result: 'Nothing to cool down' }` when there was no connection to be dismissed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The promise resolves with `{ type: 'cooling', package: string }` when cooling is performed, or an empty object if there was no connection to be dismissed.
```

### `WebBrowser.dismissBrowser()`

_iOS only_

Dismisses the presented web browser.

#### Returns

The promise resolves with `{ type: 'dismiss' }`.

### `WebBrowser.getCustomTabsSupportingBrowsers`

_Android only_

> Returns a list of applications package names supporting Custom Tabs, Custom Tabs service, user chosen and prefered one. This may not be fully reliable, since it uses `PackageManager.getResolvingActivities` under the hood. (For example, some browsers might not be present in `browserPackages` list once another browser is set to defult.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns a list of applications package names supporting Custom Tabs, Custom Tabs service, user chosen and preferred one. This may not be fully reliable, since it uses `PackageManager.getResolvingActivities` under the hood. (For example, some browsers might not be present in `browserPackages` list once another browser is set to default.)
```

#### Returns

The promise resolves with `{ browserPackages: string[], defaultPackage: string, servicePackages: string[], preferredPackage: string }`

> - **browserPackages (_string[]_)** : All packages recognized by PackageManager as capable of handling Custom Tabs. Empty array means there is no supporting browsers on device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **browserPackages (_string[]_)** : All packages recognized by `PackageManager` as capable of handling Custom Tabs. Empty array means there is no supporting browsers present on the device.
```

> - **defaultPackage (_string_)** : Default package chosen by user. Null if there is no such packages. Null usually means, that user will be prompted to choose from available packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **defaultPackage (_string | null_)** : Default package chosen by user. `null` if there is no such packages in which case most likely the user will be prompted to choose from available packages.
```

> - **servicePackages (_string[]_)** : All packages recognized by PackageManager as capable of handling Custom Tabs Service. This service is used by [`warmUpAsync`](#webbrowserwarmupasyncnbrowserpackage), [`mayInitWithUrlAsync`](#webbrowsermayinitwithurlasyncurl-package) and [`coolDownAsync`](#webbrowsercooldownasyncbrowserpackage).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **servicePackages (_string[]_)** : All packages recognized by `PackageManager` as capable of handling Custom Tabs Service. This service is used by [`warmUpAsync`](#webbrowserwarmupasyncnbrowserpackage), [`mayInitWithUrlAsync`](#webbrowsermayinitwithurlasyncurl-package) and [`coolDownAsync`](#webbrowsercooldownasyncbrowserpackage).
```

> - **preferredPackage (_string_ | null)** : Package preferred by `CustomTabsClient` to be used to handle Custom Tabs. It favors browser chosen by user as default, as long as it is present on both `browserPackages` and `servicePackages` lists. Only such browsers are considered as fully supporting Custom Tabs. It might be `null` when there is no such browser installed or when default browser is not in `servicePackages` list.

Reviewer: Doesn't it resolve with `preferredBrowserPackage` and `defaultBrowserPackage` now?

Author: It does :)

> - **preferredPackage (_string_)** : Package preferred by CustomTabsClient to be used to handle Custom Tabs. It favors browser chosen by user as default, as long as it is present on both `browserPackages` and `servicePackages` lists. Only such browsers are considered as fully supporting Custom Tabs. It might be `null` when there is no such browser installed or when default browser is not on `servicePackages` list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **preferredPackage (_string_)** : Package preferred by `CustomTabsClient` to be used to handle Custom Tabs. It favors browser chosen by user as default, as long as it is present on both `browserPackages` and `servicePackages` lists. Only such browsers are considered as fully supporting Custom Tabs. It might be `null` when there is no such browser installed or when default browser is not in `servicePackages` list.
```

> In general, services are used to perform background tasks. If a browser is available on `servicePackage` list, it should be capable of performing [`warmUpAsync`](#webbrowserwarmupasyncnbrowserpackage), [`mayInitWithUrlAsync`](#webbrowsermayinitwithurlasyncurl-package) and [`coolDownAsync`](#webbrowsercooldownasyncbrowserpackage). For opening an actual webPage, browser must be on `browserPackages` list. Browser has to be on both lists to be considered as fully supporting Custom Tabs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In general, services are used to perform background tasks. If a browser is available in `servicePackages` list, it should be capable of performing [`warmUpAsync`](#webbrowserwarmupasyncnbrowserpackage), [`mayInitWithUrlAsync`](#webbrowsermayinitwithurlasyncurl-package) and [`coolDownAsync`](#webbrowsercooldownasyncbrowserpackage). For opening an actual web page, browser must be in `browserPackages` list. A browser has to be present in both lists to be considered as fully supporting Custom Tabs.
```

- If the user does not permit the application to authenticate with the given url, the Promise resolved with `{ type: 'cancel' }`.
- If the user closed the web browser, the Promise resolves with `{ type: 'cancel' }`.
- If the browser is closed using [dismissBrowser](#webbrowserdismissbrowser), the Promise resolves with `{ type: 'dismiss' }`.

### `WebBrowser.warmUp(package)`

_Android Only_

This method calls warmUp method on [CustomTabsClient](<https://developer.android.com/reference/android/support/customtabs/CustomTabsClient.html#warmup(long)>) for specified package.

#### Arguments

- **package (_string_)** -- **Optional** -- package of browser to be warmed up. If not set, preferred browser will be warmed.

#### Returns

The promise resolves with `{ type: warming, package: string }`

### `WebBrowser.mayInitWithUrl(url, package)`

_Andrdoi Only_

> This method initiates (if needed) [CustomTabsSession](https://developer.android.com/reference/android/support/customtabs/CustomTabsSession.html#maylaunchurl) and calls its `mayLaunchUrl` method for browser specified by the package.

Author: Why should we? This is directly copied from developer.android.com site and seems to be working just fine now.

> This method initiates (if needed) [CustomTabsSession](https://developer.android.com/reference/android/support/customtabs/CustomTabsSession.html#maylaunchurl) and calls its `mayLaunchUrl` method for browser specified by the package.

Reviewer: The URL in my suggestion contains `<>` characters, which _could_ be misinterpreted 😕

> This method initiates (if needed) [CustomTabsSession](https://developer.android.com/reference/android/support/customtabs/CustomTabsSession.html#maylaunchurl) and calls its `mayLaunchUrl` method for browser specified by the package.

Author: I see, but why you suggested we need to change current URL? :)

> This method initiates (if needed) [CustomTabsSession](https://developer.android.com/reference/android/support/customtabs/CustomTabsSession.html#maylaunchurl) and calls its `mayLaunchUrl` method for browser specified by the package.

Reviewer: The previous one doesn't scroll the page to `mayLaunchUrl` method and I guessed you included `#maylaunchurl` anchor for the page to scroll 😅

> This method initiates (if needed) [CustomTabsSession](https://developer.android.com/reference/android/support/customtabs/CustomTabsSession.html#maylaunchurl) and calls its `mayLaunchUrl` method for browser specified by the package.

Author: Doesn't it? It works i my Chrome :)

> This method initiates (if needed) [CustomTabsSession](https://developer.android.com/reference/android/support/customtabs/CustomTabsSession.html#maylaunchurl) and calls its `mayLaunchUrl` method for browser specified by the package.

Reviewer: On Safari it doesn't 😅

#### Arguments

- **url (_string_)** -- url of page that usert is expected to load
- **package (_string_)** -- **Optional** -- package of browser to be informed. If not set, preferred browser will be used.

#### Returns

> ### `WebBrowser.coolDown(package)`

Author: Should that be the convention? Everything I documented does not have type nor ? in signature, only in arguments section.

#### Arguments

- **package (_string_)** -- **Optional** -- package of browser to be cooled. If not set, preferred browser will be used.

#### Returns

The promise resolves with `{ result: 'cooling' }` when cooling is performed, or `{ result: 'Nothing to cool down' }` when there was no connection to be dismissed.

### `WebBrowser.dismissBrowser()`

_iOS Only_

Dismisses the system's presented web browser.

#### Returns

The promise resolves with `{ type: 'dismiss' }`.

### `WebBrowser.getCustomTabsSupportingBrowsers`

_Android only_

Returns list of applications package names supporting Custom Tabs, Custom Tabs service, user chosen and preffered one. This may not be fully reliable, because ot follows `PackageManager.getResolvingActivities` behavior with its flaws. For example, some browsers might not be visible on packages list after other browser is set to dafult.

#### Returns

The promise resolves with `{ packages: string[], default: string, service: string[], preferred: string }`

> - **packages (_string[]_)** : All packages recognized by PackageManager as capable of handling Custom Tabs. Empty array means there is no supporting browsers on device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **browserPackages (_string[]_)** : All packages recognized by `PackageManager` as capable of handling Custom Tabs. Empty array means there is no supporting browsers on device.
```

how about renaming to ^?  + packagemanager into backticks as code entity 🙂 

Would you also write some paragraph describing what are those tabs and services so that a regular expo user who doesn't need to know anything about custom tabs is able to use this feature easily?
